hcp_packer_image channel attribute support (#339)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-hcp: docs/data-sources/packer_image.md

  region         = "us-east-1"
}

data "hcp_packer_image" "bar" {
  bucket_name    = "hardened-ubuntu-16-04"
  cloud_provider = "aws"
  iteration_id   = data.hcp_packer_iteration.hardened-source.ulid
  region         = "us-west-1"
}

output "packer-registry-ubuntu-east-1" {
  value = data.hcp_packer_image.foo.cloud_image_id
}

output "packer-registry-ubuntu-west-1" {
  value = data.hcp_packer_image.bar.cloud_image_id
}

> # Alternatively if sourcing a single image
> 
> data "hcp_packer_image" "baz" {
>   bucket_name    = "hardened-ubuntu-16-04"
>   cloud_provider = "aws"
>   channel        = "production"
>   region         = "us-east-1"
> }
> 
> output "packer-registry-ubuntu-east-1-alt" {
>   value = data.hcp_packer_image.baz.cloud_image_id
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Alternatively, if sourcing a single image

data "hcp_packer_image" "baz" {
  bucket_name    = "hardened-ubuntu-16-04"
  cloud_provider = "aws"
  channel        = "production"
  region         = "us-east-1"
}

output "packer-registry-ubuntu-east-1-alt" {
  value = data.hcp_packer_image.baz.cloud_image_id
}
```

I'm having a hard time adding the code block because the markdown is getting confused with this comment markdown. I'm suggesting moving the alternative into a separated sub-section and keeping both examples separated because all together looks big and hard to quickly see how it works.

```

~> **Note:** This data source only returns the first found image's metadata filtered by the given schema values, from the returned list of images associated with the specified iteration. Therefore, if multiple images exist in the same region, it will only pick one of them. If that's the case, you may consider separating your builds into different buckets.

> ~> **Note:** The `channel` attribute in this data source will incur a billable request to HCP Packer. This attribute is intended for convenience when using a single image. When sourcing multiple images from a single iteration, the separate data source object for the iteration alternative is preferred for saving costs.

Reviewer: What do you think? 
```suggestion
~> **Note:** The `channel` attribute in this data source will incur a billable request to HCP Packer. This attribute is intended for convenience when using a single image. When sourcing multiple images from a single iteration, the `hcp_packer_iteration` data source 
is the alternative for querying a channel just once.
```

- `bucket_name` (String) The slug of the HCP Packer Registry image bucket to pull from.
- `cloud_provider` (String) Name of the cloud provider this image is stored-in.
- `region` (String) Region this image is stored in, if any.

### Optional

> - `channel` (String) Channel that promotes the latest iteration of the image. Either this or `iteration_id` must be specified.

Author: This was already corrected by @sylviamoss in a previous review, the latest reads as "The channel that points to the version of the image being retrieved.", are you OK with their phrasing?

> - `iteration_id` (String) HCP ID of this image. Either this or `channel' must be specified.

Author: Not certain this is possible, the CI enforces the generated docs being the same as the ones committed :/
